sphinx templates, removed mpi4py from extras (#355)
NeuralEnsemble/elephant: doc/developers_guide.rst

Developers' Guide
=================

.. note::
    1. The documentation guide (how to write a good documentation, naming
       conventions, docstring examples) is in the :ref:`documentation_guide`.

>     2. It's advisable to let us know (see :ref:`get_in_touch`) *before* you
>        start implementing a new feature in Elephant to make sure no one else is
>        working on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. We highly recommend to get in touch with us (see :ref:`get_in_touch`) *before* starting
       to implement a new feature in Elephant. This way, we can point out synergies with
       complementary efforts and help in designing your implementation such that its integration
       into Elephant will be a swift process.
```

    $ git clone git://github.com/<your-github-profile>/elephant.git
    $ cd elephant

3. Install the requirements (either via pip or conda):

.. tabs::

    .. tab:: pip

        .. code-block:: sh

            pip install -r requirements/requirements.txt
            pip install -r requirements/requirements-extras.txt  # optional
            pip install -r requirements/requirements-tests.txt

        If you install extras, make sure you've installed OpenMPI

>         (``sudo apt install -y libopenmpi-dev openmpi-bin``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        (e.g., for Debian based distributions ``sudo apt install -y libopenmpi-dev openmpi-bin``).
```

   * improving the documentation;

>    * adding a new functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * adding a new functionality.
```

> 6. If it's a new functional, please write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If it is a new functionality, please write:
```
